Hello, my name is Melinda Castillo, I am a friendly, down to earth person that loves to laugh and enjoy life. I am a foodie and my hobby is cooking different Vegetarian and Vegan meals. I have been trying to eat healthy and live a healthier lifestyle, so I’ve been looking up and making Vegetarian and Vegan food. Although, I am not Vegan I still like a lot of Vegetarian and Vegan dishes and I am more of a Vegetarian, although one day I may become Vegan, not sure yet but I'm still contemplating it.

Not too long ago I saw a documentary on Netflix called: “What The Health” and it made me instantly want to be a vegetarian and it opened my eyes to what kinds of things are in dairy products and meats and how it affects your body and the environment, it also shows how eating a vegan diet can reduce an individual’s carbon footprint on the earth. It made me see all the different health benefits from not eating dairy and meats. For people who have never heard of Veganism or Vegetarianism the following information will help you understand and if you watch the documentary above it will get you on the path to being vegan or at least Vegetarian to begin with. 

The following is an explanation of what Vegans and Vegetarians are:

An individual who follows the diet or philosophy is known as a vegan.
A Vegan is a person who does not eat any food derived from animals and who typically does not use other animal products. Here is a link on Veganism. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veganism 

There are several categories of veganism, the following are 4 types of Vegans:

  Veganism is the practice of abstaining from the use of animal products, particularly in diet, and an associated philosophy that rejects the commodity status of animals. 

  Dietary vegans, also known as "strict vegetarians", refrain from consuming meat, eggs, dairy products, and any other animal-derived substances. 
  
  An ethical vegan is someone who not only follows a plant-based diet but extends the philosophy into other areas of their lives, opposes the use of animals for any purpose, and tries to avoid any cruelty and exploitation of all animals including humans. 
  
  Another term is "environmental veganism", which refers to the avoidance of animal products on the premise that the industrial farming of animals is environmentally damaging and unsustainable.
  
Vegetarianism is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of meat, and may also include abstention from by-products of animal slaughter. Here is a link on Vegetarians. https://vegetarian-nation.com/resources/common-questions/types-levels-vegetarian/ 

The following are 3 different types of Vegetarians:

Lacto-vegetarians do not eat red or white meat, fish, fowl or eggs. However, lacto-vegetarians do consume dairy products such as cheese, milk and yogurt.

Ovo-vegetarians do not eat red or white meat, fish, fowl or dairy products. However, ovo-vegetarians do consume egg products.

Lacto-ovo vegetarians do not consume red meat, white meat, fish or fowl. However, lacto-ovo vegetarians do consume dairy products and egg products. This is the most common type of vegetarian.
A typical ovo-lacto vegetarian diet may include fruits, vegetables, grains, nuts, seeds, herbs, roots, fungi, milk, cheese, yogurt, kefir, and eggs.

There is a big difference between Vegan and Non-Vegan dishes. For example: A vegan bowl would contain Rice, grains, salad, vegetables and sometimes using a Soy substitution like Tofu & a Non-Vegan dish can also be a bowl that would contain everything that the Vegan bowl has except that it would contain dairy products such as cheese, eggs.

If you’ve never cooked Vegetarian or Vegan before it isn’t hard, all you have to know is how to follow recipe instructions or even come up with your own ideas of what you want to put together. In order to start cooking Vegetarian or Vegan meals, whichever you prefer, you can do what I did and look up recipes online or on YouTube, there are a variety of websites and YouTube videos and here are just a few:

https://www.tasteofhome.com/collection/vegan-recipes/
This website has at least 94 delicious Vegan recipes to try. The menu button on the website has the option to click on Recipes & when you click on it you can choose to see all recipes, recipe videos, health & wellness etc.

https://wellvegan.com/recipes
I really liked this website as well because it gives you the option to double or triple the recipe with just a click of a button. The menu button on this website also allows you to view all recipes, dinner recipes, Breakfast recipe, dessert recipes, gluten free recipes, Budget Vegan to cook vegan on a budget, etc.

https://youtu.be/czzktlf07qw
This is Tabitha Brown, my favorite Vegan/Influencer/and now actress on Instagram, TikTok, Facebook and YouTube and she is the funniest, real and most down to earth person that I’ve come across and she has a lot of good Vegan recipes to share.

You can start cooking Vegetarian or Vegan by finding the recipes on the links that I provided, just chose a recipe that you want to make and got to the grocery and get the ingredients that you do not already have at home. With Vegetarian or Vegan recipes you should choose fresh ingredients. Once you've picked all of your ingredients at the store or farmers market, you come home and have your counter top clean and ready to go, then you organize the ingredients you will be using and you start the food prep and follow your recipe instructions one step at a time