Hello, my name is Melinda Castillo, I was born in Texas and moved to Arizona when I was a year old. I grew up in Arizona until age 10 when my family moved to San Diego, California, we lived there for 5 years then moved back to Arizona. As an adult I moved to San Jose, California & fell in love with the Bay Area. I love San Francisco, the views, The City, and everything about it. I also like Santa Cruz, California, the whole Bay Area is beautiful and has so many beautiful places to see. I am a friendly, down to earth person that loves to laugh and enjoy life. I am a foodie and my hobby is cooking different Vegetarian and Vegan meals. I have been trying to eat healthy and live a healthier lifestyle, so I’ve been looking up and making Vegetarian and Vegan food. Although, I am not Vegan I still like a lot of Vegetarian and Vegan dishes.
Not too long ago I saw a documentary on Netflix called: “What the health” and that made me instantly want to be a vegetarian and it opened my eyes to what kinds of things are in dairy products and meats and how it affects your body and the environment and how eating a vegan diet can reduce an individual’s carbon footprint on the earth by 73%. It also made me see all the different health benefits from not eating dairy and meats and the documentary also talked about the food industry, the pharmaceutical companies, the doctors and how they play a role in keeping people on sick and on medications for profit.
If you’ve never cooked before it isn’t hard, all you have to know is how to follow recipes or even come up with your own ideas of what you want to put together. In order to start cooking Vegetarian or Vegan meals, whichever you prefer, you can do what I did and look up recipes online or on YouTube, there are a variety of websites and YouTube videos and here are just a few:
https://www.tasteofhome.com/collection/vegan-recipes/
This website has at least 94 delicious Vegan recipes to try. The menu button on the website has the option to click on Recipes & when you click on it you can choose to see all recipes, recipe videos, health & wellness etc.
https://wellvegan.com/recipes
I really liked this website as well because it gives you the option to double or triple the recipe with just a click of a button. The menu button on this website also allows you to view all recipes, dinner recipes, Breakfast recipe, dessert recipes, gluten free recipes, Budget Vegan to cook vegan on a budget, etc.
https://youtu.be/czzktlf07qw
This is Tabitha Brown, my favorite Vegan/Influencer/and now actress on Instagram, TikTok, Facebook and YouTube and she is the funniest, real and most down to earth person that I’ve come across and she has a lot of good Vegan recipes to share.
